Specify that Python has to be less than 3.7 (#319)
EducationalTestingService/rsmtool: doc/getting_started.rst

Installation
============

> Note that RSMTool only works with Python >=3.6 and <3.7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that RSMTool currently only works with Python 3.6.x.
```
